Privacy Policy


"Payple Co., Ltd." (hereinafter referred to as "Company") values your personal information and complies with the "Act on
Promotion of Information and Communication Network Use and Information Protection" and the "Personal Information
Protection Act." Through the personal information processing policy, the company informs you of the use and method of
personal information provided by users and what measures are being taken to protect personal information.
If the company revises its personal information handling policy, it will announce it through a website notice (or
individual notice).
The company collects the following personal information for the provision of services, such as applications,
consultations, and inquiries for electronic payment agency (hereinafter referred to as "service").

1. Purpose of collecting and using personal information
The company utilizes the collected personal information for the following purposes:
- Identification and real-name verification for establishment, maintenance, and termination of service provision
contracts, various member management, contract delivery, etc.
- Identification, authentication, real-name verification, and various guidance/notification during the service delivery
process
- Prevention of illegal use and unauthorized use

- Confirmation of intention, such as consent or withdrawal necessary for the provision of services and related business
operations
- Identifying frequency of use, providing services according to demographic characteristics, and registering store
business information for each payment method for providing CRM services
- Send company-provided consumer protection laws mail
- Deliver advertising information (in payment notification mail) such as other events provided by the company, provide
customized services, provide services and advertisements based on statistical characteristics, and conduct actual
marketing activities
- Transmission of user's payment information, personal information storage details, etc. to the issuer of the user's
payment method (ex. credit card company) who signed a contract with the user for service provision (transaction
approval, etc.) and related business processing (civil petition, personal information management status check, etc.)

(See below for details of the payment method issuer)

A. Credit: Kookmin/BC/Lotte/Samsung/NH Nonghyup/Hyundai/Shinhan/Hana/Woori/Visa/Mastercard and other credit card
companies
B. Account transfer: Bank (Gyeongnam/Gwangju/National/Corporate/Daegu/Busan/Industrial/Saemaeul
Bank/Suhyup/Shinhan/Shinhan/Foreign Exchange/Woori/Jeonbuk/Jeju/Hana/City/SC First Bank, etc.), Securities
(Dongyang/Mirae Asset/Samsung/Hanwha, etc.)
C. Cash receipt issue: Korean IRS
D. Authentication, ARS withdrawal agreement: Danal/Inviset Co., Ltd

2. Items and methods of collecting personal information
1) Personal information collection item
A. Mandatory items
- User's name (representative and contact name in the case of a franchise), date of birth, mobile phone number
(representative and contact number in the case of a franchise), phone number, e-mail address (representative and contact
e-mail address), trade name, business name, business URL, business number, fax number, account information, and service
information
- Payment information ("user" means various information for each payment method presented through "service" provided by
"company" to purchase goods and services of a store, such as credit card number, credit card expiration date, name,
account number, mobile phone number, landline phone number, etc.)
- Additional information (access IP/MAC address, cookie, e-mail, service access date, service usage record, defective or
abnormal usage record, payment record) may be automatically or manually generated during service use or service
processing other than the above-mentioned personal information collection items.

B. Selections
- In addition to the required items, the information contained in the contract or provided by the customer
- Billing address, fax number, etc

2) How to collect personal information
Collect information presented by users directly from the website, written form, fax, e-mail, electronic financial
service payment window provided by the company, and affiliates that have entered into business partnership contracts

3. Provision of personal information
The company uses the user's personal information within the scope notified by [Purpose of Collection and Use of Personal
Information], and does not use it beyond the same scope without the user's prior consent or, in principle, provide the
user's personal information to the outside. However, exceptions are made in the following cases.

- If the user agrees in advance (if the user agrees in advance, it means that the user agrees to voluntarily provide his
or her personal information to a third party for the use of the service, etc.), the company may
(1) the recipient of personal information,
(2) the purpose of its use,
(3) Items of personal information provided,
(4) The retention and use period of personal information is notified in advance and consent is obtained
explicitly/individually.
In all of these processes, the Company does not collect additional information against the will of the user or share
information outside the scope of consent with third parties.
- Where there is a request from an investigative agency in accordance with the provisions of statutes or in accordance
with the procedures and methods prescribed by statutes for the purpose of investigation
- Providing a particular individual to an affiliate in an unidentifiable form to provide personalized advertising
services;
- The cases where personal information is provided to a third party for the performance of the company's services are as
follows.

| the recipient of the offer
- Credit card company: Kookmin/BC/Lotte/Samsung/NH Nonghyup/Hyundai/Shinhan/Hana/Woori/Visa/Mastercard and other card
companies
- Bank: Shinhan/SC Cheil/City/Hana/Nonghyup/Company/National/Save/Suhyup/Shinhyup/Post Office/Saemaeul Finance
Company/Daegu/Busan/Gyeongnam/Gwangju/Jeonbuk/Johung/Jeju and other banks
- VAN Company: Koban/Nice Information and Communication/Smartro/JTNet/KISNet/Nice Payments Co., Ltd
- Payment Agency (PG) Company: Danal Co., Ltd/Cybersource
- Korean National Tax Service
- User's counterparty

| Purpose of using personal information of a person who receives personal information
- Confirmation of transaction approval, cancellation and refund, settlement of transaction price, and response and
confirmation of transaction details requests

| Items of personal information provided
- Mobile phone or landline number, mobile phone or landline carrier information, payment information, transaction
approval status, cause of failure of transaction approval, payment limit, e-mail, unique number (simple payment key
linked to payment information), name, date of birth, gender classification, link information, duplicate confirmation
information, authentication

4. Period of retention and use of personal information
In principle, the user's personal information is destroyed without delay when the purpose of collecting and using
personal information is achieved.
However, if it is necessary to preserve it under related laws, such as the Electronic Financial Transactions Act and the
Electronic Commerce Act, etc., personal information shall be preserved for a certain period prescribed by the relevant
laws. In this case, the company uses the stored information only for the purpose of storage, and the retention period is
as follows.

| Archive Information - Retention Grounds - Retention Period
a. Records concerning withdrawal of contracts or subscriptions - Consumer Protection in e-commerce, etc. Act - 5 years
b. Records on Payment and Supply of Goods, etc. - Consumer Protection in Electronic Commerce, etc. Act - 5 years
c. Records of electronic financial transactions exceeding 10,000 won per case - Electronic Financial Transactions Act -
5 years
d. Records on the handling of consumer complaints or disputes - Consumer Protection in e-commerce, etc. Act - 3 years
e. Records on the collection, processing, and use of credit information - Act on the Use and Protection of Credit
Information - 3 years
f. Records on Visits - Communications Secrets Act - 3 Years
g. Record of electronic financial transactions of less than 10,000 won per case - Electronic Financial Transactions Act
- 1 year
h. Records on Identification - Act on Promotion of Information and Communication Utilization and Information Protection
- 6 months

5. Procedure and method of destruction of personal information
In principle, the user's personal information is destroyed without delay when the purpose of collecting and using
personal information is achieved.
The company's personal information destruction procedures and methods are as follows.
- Destruction procedure
The information entered by the user for service application and service consultation is transferred to a separate DB
after the purpose is achieved (in the case of paper, a separate document box) and stored for a certain period of time
according to the internal policy and other relevant laws.
- Destruction method
The personal information printed on the paper is destroyed by grinding or incineration.
Personal information stored in the form of electronic files is destroyed using a technical method that cannot play
records.

6. Entrustment of processing personal information
For the performance of the service, the company will entrust users' personal information to an external specialized
company or notify the users in advance if the details of the entrusted work or the trustee change. In addition, through
business partnership contracts, we will clearly define service providers' strict observance of personal information
protection, confidentiality of personal information, prohibition of provision to third parties, and obligation to return
or destroy personal information at the end of the consignment period.
The company does not entrust personal information imported from users to third parties. If such a need is long in the
future, the consignee and the contents of the consignment will be notified in advance, and if necessary, prior consent
will be obtained.

7. Rights of users and legal representatives and methods of exercise thereof
- Users can always request access to their personal information and correct errors, and we will take necessary measures
without delay. In addition, the company does not use the information until the request for error correction is made.
- Users can contact the company's customer center (+82-2-1522-5013) by phone, visit, write, or email to confirm that
they are the users themselves, and apply for information reading/correction/deletion (the same applies if the user
wishes to withdraw their consent to the use of personal information)
- Children under the age of 14 (hereinafter referred to as "children") must obtain consent from their legal
representatives if they wish to use our services. In order to obtain the consent of the legal representative, the
company may request minimum information such as the name and contact information of the legal representative from the
child. A child's legal representative may request access, correction, and deletion of the child's personal information
through written, telephone, e-mail, fax, etc., and if such a request is made, the company will take necessary measures
without delay.

8. Matters concerning the installation and operation of devices that automatically collect personal information, such as
Internet access information files, and refusal thereof;
The company installs and operates a cookie that stores and finds user information from time to time. A cookie is a small
text file that the server used to run the company's website sends to the user's browser and is stored on the user's
computer hard disk. The company uses cookies, etc. for the following purposes:
1) Purpose of use such as cookies
It aims to provide targeted marketing and personalized services by analyzing the frequency of access and visit time of
users, identifying user preferences and interests, identifying the degree of participation in various events, and the
number of visits. Therefore, users can allow all cookies by setting options in their web browser, check each time a
cookie is saved, or refuse to save all cookies.
2) To reject cookie settings
As a way to reject cookie settings, you can allow all cookies by selecting the option in your web browser, check each
time you save them, or refuse to save all cookies.
* How to set it up (for Internet Explorer): Tools at the top of the web browser > Internet Options > Personal
Information
However, if the user refuses to install the cookie, it may be difficult to provide the service.

9. Measures to ensure the stability of personal information
The company is taking the following measures to ensure the stability of personal information.
1) Management measures: establishment and implementation of internal management plans, regular employee training, etc
2) Technical measures: management of access rights to personal information processing systems, installation of access
control systems, encryption of identification information, and installation of security programs
3) Physical measures: Control access to computer rooms, data storage rooms, etc

10. The name of the person in charge of personal information protection or the name and phone number of the department
handling personal information protection work and related grievances;

The company designates the department in charge, the person in charge of personal information protection, and the person
in charge of personal information protection as follows to protect the user's personal information and handle complaints
related to personal information.

Person in charge of personal information protection
- Name: Kim Hyun-chul, CEO

Personnel of personal information protection
- Name: So Yeol, CTO

Phone number: +82-2-1522-5013
Email: help@payple.kr

If you need to notify or consult about other personal information breaches, please contact the institution as follows.
- Korea National Police Agency, Cyber Bureau (http://www.police.go.kr / 182)
- Korea Supreme Prosecution Service, Cyber Bureau (http://www.spo.go.kr / 1302)
- Personal Information Infringement Report Center (https://privacy.kisa.or.kr / 118)

11. Other matters concerning changes in the personal information processing policy
If there is an addition, deletion, or revision of the personal information processing policy, it will be notified
through the "Notices" on the website at least 7 days before the revision.

Supplementary Provisions
Number one, June 1, 2021.
These terms and conditions shall come into effect on June 1, 2021.

</html>