Terms & Conditions

Article 1 (Purpose)
The purpose of Use Terms & Conditions is to define basic items on electronic financial transactions between the Company
and the user in using the electronic payment agency service provided by Payple Co., Ltd. (hereinafter referred to as the
'Company')

Article 2 (Definition of Terms)
The terms defined in this Agreement are as follows:
1. The 'electronic financial transaction' means a transaction that the Company provides electronic payment agency
services (hereinafter referred to as 'electronic financial transaction service') via electronic devices and the users
use them in an automated manner without direct contact or communication to employees of the Company. The 'electronic
payment agency service' means a service that transmits or receives payment information in the purchase or use of goods
or services by electronic means or acts on behalf of or mediates the calculation the reward.

2. "electronic payment agency service" means a service that transmits or receives payment information in the purchase of
goods or the use of services by electronic means, or agents or mediates the settlement of the consideration.

3. "affiliated store" means a person who provides goods or services to a user in a debit electronic payment method,
prepaid electronic payment method, or electronic money transaction under a contract with a financial institution or an
electronic financial institution.

4. "user" means a person who agrees to these terms and conditions and uses electronic financial transaction services
provided by the company.

5. "access media" means or information used to instruct transactions or to ensure authenticity and accuracy of users and
transactions, as prescribed in Article 2-10 of the Electronic Financial Transactions Act, certificates under the
Electronic Signature Act, user's biometric information, and passwords.

6. "transaction order" means that a user instructs the company to process electronic financial transactions in
accordance with an electronic financial transaction contract concluded under these terms and conditions.

7. "error" refers to a case where electronic financial transactions are not performed in accordance with an electronic
financial transaction contract or the user's transaction order without the user's intention or negligence.

Article 3 (Specification and Change of terms and conditions)
1. The Company shall post the terms and conditions before users use electronic financial transaction services and allows
users to confirm important details of the terms and conditions.

2. In the case of user's request, the Company shall issue a copy of this Terms & Conditions to the user by means of the
electronic document transmission.

3. In the case that the Company changes the Terms & Conditions, it shall notify the user by posting the Terms &
Conditions changed 1 month before the effective date on the initialization page of the electronic financial transaction
service provided by the Company and on the Company's website. However, in the case that the Terms & Conditions are
changed urgently due to the amendment of the laws, the changed Terms & Conditions shall be posted on the Company's
website for at least 1 month and shall be notified for the user.

4. If the user does not agree to the changed terms and conditions, the service cannot be used, and the user may
terminate the contract.

Article 4 (Type of Electronic Payment Agency Service)
1. Account withdrawal agency service: It refers to a service in which a user withdraws payment from his or her account
using the real-time withdrawal transfer service of a financial institution through the company's electronic payment
system.

2. Credit card payment agency service: When the payment method provided by the user for payment is a credit card, the
company sends and receives credit card payment information through the electronic payment system, and acts as an agent
or mediator for settlement of payment.

Article 5 (Use time)
1. In principle, the company provides users with electronic financial transaction services 24 hours a day throughout the
year. However, it may be determined differently depending on the circumstances of financial institutions and other
payment method issuers.

2. If the service is inevitable to be suspended due to technical reasons such as maintenance, inspection, or other
technical requirements of the information and communication facilities, the company may suspend the service after
posting the service via electronic means three days prior to the service suspension. However, if it is inevitable, such
as system failure recovery, urgent program maintenance, or external factors, the service can be stopped without prior
posting.

Article 6 (Select, use, and manage the access media)
1. In the case of providing electronic financial transaction services, the Company may select an access media to verify
the identity, authority, and details of transaction instructions of users.

2. The user may not lend the access medium to a third party, delegate the use thereof, or provide it for transfer or
security purposes.

3. Users shall not divulge, expose, or neglect their access media to a third party, and shall pay sufficient attention
to prevent theft, forgery, or alteration of the access media.

4. When the company receives a notification of loss or theft of the access medium from the user, it is responsible for
compensating the user for damages caused by the use of the access medium by a third party from then on.

Article 7 (Confirmation of transaction details)
1. The company allows the user to check the transaction details (including the user's error correction request facts and
processing results) through electronic methods agreed with the user in advance, and if there is a request from the user,
it issues a document. However, if the transaction details cannot be provided due to an operation failure of the
electronic device or other reasons, the user shall be notified of such reasons by electronic document transmission
(including transmission by e-mail), and the period in which the transaction details cannot be provided is not included
in the written issuance period.

2. The name or number of the transaction, type and amount of the transaction, information to identify the counterparty,
date of transaction, access records of electronic devices related to electronic financial transactions, fees received in
exchange for electronic financial transactions, changes in terms of electronic financial transactions Preserve and
provide information on fees received by the company in exchange for the provision of electronic payment agency services.

3. If a user intends to request a written issuance as prescribed in paragraph (1), user may request the following
address and phone number.
- Address: 302-ho, 14 Teheran-ro 34-gil, Gangnam-gu, Seoul, Republic of Korea
- Email address: help@payple.kr
- Phone number: +82-2-1522-5013

Article 8 (Correction of Errors, etc.)
1. In the case that a user knows that there is an error in using the electronic financial transaction service, it is
possible to request the Company to correct it.

2. In the case that the Company receives a request for correction of an error according to the previous Clause or in the
case that it knows that there is an error, it will be immediately investigated and processed, then the result will be
notified to the user within 2 weeks from the date of receipt of the correction.

Article 9 (Responsibility of the Company)
1. The user is liable for damages caused by an accident caused by forgery or alteration of the access medium. However,
if a user violates Article 6 (2) or knows or knows that a third party can conduct electronic financial transactions
using the user's access medium without authority, the user may bear all or part of the responsibility.

2. The company is responsible for compensating the user if the damage occurs due to an accident that occurs in the
process of electronic transmission or processing of a contract signing or transaction instruction. However, this is not
the case if a user who falls under the proviso to paragraph (1) of this Article or is a corporation (excluding small
businesses under Article 2 (2) of the Framework Act on Small and Medium Enterprises) is damaged, and the company has
established security procedures and strictly observed them.

3. The company is responsible for compensating users for damages in the event of an accident caused by the use of
electronic devices for electronic financial transactions or access media obtained by fraudulent means by breaking into
the information and communication network pursuant to Article 2(1)1 of the Act. However, the company shall not be
responsible for any or all of the users in the following cases.
1. In the event of an accident under Article 9 (1) 3 of the Electronic Financial Transactions Act (hereinafter referred
to as an "accident") as the user refuses to take additional security measures required by electronic financial
transactions in order to strengthen security,

2. Where an accident occurs when a user commits the following acts on media, means or information used in additional
security measures under subparagraph 1 of the same paragraph:
A. Leakage, leakage or neglect
B. An act of lending or delegating the use thereof to a third party or providing it for the purpose of transfer or
security

Article 10 (Effectiveness of electronic payment transaction contracts)
1. In the case of electronic payment transactions under the user's order, the Company shall act on behalf of its payment
process and send the details of the transaction order on the electronic payment transaction to proceed the payment.

2. In the case that payment transactions have not been proceeded according to the user's order on electronic payment
transaction, the Company shall return the funds received to the user.

Article 11 (Withdrawal of transaction order)
1. In the case of transaction instructions regarding electronic payment transactions, the user may withdraw the
transaction instructions by contacting the following addresses, e-mails, and contacts until the payment becomes
effective.
- Address: 302-ho, 14 Teheran-ro 34-gil, Gangnam-gu, Seoul, Republic of Korea
- Email address: help@payple.kr
- Phone number: +82-2-1522-5013

2. The time when the payment of the preceding paragraph takes effect (1) In the case of electronic funds transfer, when
the deposit record is completed in the account ledger of the financial institution with the recipient's account opened
(2) In the case of payment by other electronic means, the information of the recipient's account is entered into the
electronic device.

3. When the payment becomes effective, the user may receive a refund of the payment amount in accordance with the method
of withdrawing the subscription under the relevant laws and regulations such as the "Act on Consumer Protection in
Electronic Commerce, etc." or as prescribed in these terms and conditions.

Article 12 (Generation and preservation of electronic payment agency service usage records)
1. The company creates and preserves records that allow users to track and search the contents of electronic financial
transactions or to confirm or correct errors in the contents.

2. The types and methods of preservation of records to be preserved by the company pursuant to the provisions of the
preceding paragraph shall be governed by Article 7 (2).

Article 13 (Prohibition on the provision of electronic financial transaction information)
In providing electronic financial transaction services, the Company shall not provide, reveal, or use any information or
data on the personal information, accounts, access media, and electronic financial transactions of the acquired users,
other than the business purpose without obtaining consent from the users.

Article 14 (Dispute handling and dispute mediation)
1. The user can cancel the service contract through the service website or the customer center.

2. If the user fails to fulfill the obligations of these terms and conditions, the company may immediately terminate the
service use contract or restrict the service use after prior notice. If you have any objection to the company's action,
you can file an objection through the service website or the customer center.

3. If the objection set forth in the preceding paragraph is deemed justifiable, the company shall resume the use of the
service immediately.

Article 15 (Dispute handling and dispute settlement)
1. The user may request the following persons in charge of dispute settlement to handle disputes, such as raising
opinions, complaints, and claims for damages related to the use of electronic financial transaction services.
- Director: Kim, Hyun-chul, CEO of Payple Co., Ltd
- Email address: help@payple.kr
- Phone number: +82-2-1522-5013

2. If the user applies for dispute settlement with the company, the company will inform the user of the investigation or
settlement results within 15 days.

3. Users can apply for dispute settlement related to the use of the company's electronic financial transaction services
to the Financial Supervisory Service's Financial Dispute Mediation Committee under Article 51 of the Financial
Supervisory Service or Article 33 of the Framework Act on Consumers.

Article 16 (Obligations to secure Company stability)
In order to ensure the safety and reliability of electronic financial transactions, the company complies with the
standards set by the Financial Services Commission for information technology such as personnel, facilities, and
electronic devices for electronic financial transactions.

Article 17 (Regulations except Terms & Conditions, and its jurisdiction)
1. If the individual agreements between the company and the user are different from those set forth in these terms, the
agreements shall be applied in preference to these terms and conditions.

2. Matters not prescribed in these terms and conditions shall be governed by consumer protection-related laws such as
the Electronic Financial Transactions Act, the Electronic Commerce Act, the Mail Order Act, and the Credit Finance
Business Act.

3. The jurisdiction over disputes between the company and the user shall be governed by the Civil Procedure Act. The
Terms & Conditions shall be effective on April 10, 2023.