Personal data with third parties


Payple Co., Ltd. (hereinafter referred to as "Company") values users' personal information and complies with the Act on
Promotion of Information and Communication Network Utilization and Information Protection, the Personal Information
Protection Act, and the Act on Consumer Protection in Electronic Commerce. The company uses the user's personal
information within the scope notified by [Personal Information Collection Purpose], and does not use it beyond the same
scope or, in principle, provide or entrust the user's personal information to the outside world. However, exceptions are
made in the following cases.
- If the user agrees in advance (if the user agrees in advance, it means that the user agrees to voluntarily provide his
or her personal information to a third party for the use of the service, etc.).

- In cases where there is a request from the investigative agency in accordance with the provisions of laws and
regulations or in accordance with the procedures and methods prescribed by laws and regulations for investigative
purposes, the Company shall,
(1) the recipient of personal information;
(2) the purpose of his use,
(3) Items of personal information provided,
(4) The retention and use period of personal information is notified in advance and consent is obtained explicitly and
individually.

In all of these processes, the Company does not collect additional information against the will of the user or share
information outside the scope of consent with any third party.

1. Provision of personal information to a third party
The company provides personal information collected from users to third parties as follows.
1) Purpose of use: Credit card payment
- the recipient of the offer
A. Credit card companies: KB Kookmin, BC, Lotte, Samsung, NH Nonghyup, Hyundai, Shinhan, Hana, Woori, Visa, Mastercard
and other credit card company
B. Bank: Shinhan/SC Cheil/City/Hana/Nonghyup/Company/National/Saving/Suhyup/Shinhyup/Post Office/Saemaeul
Bank/Daegu/Busan/Gyeongnam/Gwangju/Jeonbuk/Johung/Jeju
C. PG, VAN: Danal Co., Ltd., Cybersource
- Personal information item: payment information
- Retention and Use Period: In principle, personal information shall be destroyed without delay when the purpose of
collecting and using personal information is achieved (provided that there are special provisions in other statutes,
keep it in accordance with relevant statutes)

2) Purpose of use: Account transfer payment
- the recipient of the offer
A. Bank: Gyeongnam/Gwangju/National/Corporate/Nonghyup/Daegu/Busan/Industrial/Saemaeul
Bank/Suhyup/Shinhan/Shinhyup/Foreign Exchange/Woori/Post Office/Jeonbuk/Jeju/Hana/City/SC First Bank
B. PG, VAN Corporation: KSnet, Nice Payments Co., Ltd
- Personal information item: payment information
- Retention and Use Period: In principle, personal information shall be destroyed without delay when the purpose of
collecting and using personal information is achieved (provided that there are special provisions in other statutes,
keep it in accordance with relevant statutes)

3) Purpose of use: Issuance of cash receipt
- To whom it may be provided: IRS
- Personal information item: payment information
- Retention and Use Period: In principle, personal information shall be destroyed without delay when the purpose of
collecting and using personal information is achieved (provided that there are special provisions in other statutes,
keep it in accordance with relevant statutes)

4) Purpose of use: Identification of the mobile phone and consent to withdraw ARS
- Recipients: Mobile carriers (SKT, KT, LG U+), Danal, Inbiznet, etc
- Personal information item: authentication information
- Retention and Use Period: In principle, personal information shall be destroyed without delay when the purpose of
collecting and using personal information is achieved (provided that there are special provisions in other statutes,
keep it in accordance with relevant statutes)

5) Purpose of use: confirmation of transaction approval, cancellation and refund, settlement of transaction price,
response and confirmation of transaction details requests
- Recipient : User's counterparty
- Personal information items: name, e-mail, mobile phone number, transaction approval status, cause of failure of
transaction approval, approval number and order number, payment information
- Period of possession/use: 5 years (basic: the Consumer Protection Act in e-commerce, etc. (provided, if the
transaction amount per case is less than 10,000 won, it is preserved for 1 year)

2. Refusal of the user to provide personal information to a third party
The user may refuse to consent to the provision of the company's personal information to a third party. However, if you
refuse to agree, we inform you that the service payment cannot be completed normally.

※ Matters related to the processing of personal information shall be in accordance with the company's privacy policy.